I have been creating lots of tabs on my web
browser.
My latest project is organizing a wedding
for my boss.
So I opened up my Google Bard chat and
asked, what are the things I need to do to
prepare and plan for a wedding?
And it gave me a huge list of categories and
things I have to do.
The wedding is going to be in Beverly Hills,
California, so I went to Google Maps and
looked for Beverly Hills wedding venues.
Look at all these choices.
Wow. So I chose the Beverly Hills Hotel
here, the Four Seasons, Beverly Hills Hotel
here, and the Beverly Wilshire Hotel.
And I left the tabs open so I could discuss
them with my boss when he is available.
Now I have to look for places where he can
buy a ring.
So back to Google Maps and looking for
Beverly Hills jewelry shops.
Here's a huge list of the search results.
However, I will choose this luxury jewels of
Beverly Hills, this Tiffany and company.
And here, Beverly Hills Jewelers.
I opened the pages for these three.
Now I have the Googlebot page.
Open the three search maps on Google and the
three hotel websites with a couple tabs for
each venue. So I'm up to ten tabs and only
2% through my list of things to do.
I am super frustrated.
Do I really need to print everything and put
it in folders?
How do I keep track of all these things on
this list without printing everything out?
I want a program that lets me create folders
and subfolders to keep track of the wedding
event. Then I need to keep track of my.
I chat with Googlebot about my wedding event
with a description.
Then let me create a folder for rings and a
subfolder for the engagement ring.
Then I want to organize the shopping for
engagement rings and pick stores.
I want to look at their phone numbers and
location.
Then I want to save pictures of rings my
boss might like for his engagement.
Then I want to create a folder for wedding
planners and look for a professional wedding
planners to be interviewed on LinkedIn.
For that, I will click on the contacts tab
from the extension and select LinkedIn here.
I will search Wedding Planners and Beverly
Hills here in search bar wedding planners to
be interviewed. Here I got one.
I will save this contact into my wedding
planners folder.
The program that does all this for me.
Boom. Console.com and the boom console.
Chrome web extension.
The boom console web extension works on the
Chrome Edge and Brave browsers, helping you
to organize your web browser information as
well as their contacts, locations, and URLs.
Let's take a look at what it can do for you.
Once you download the app from Google Chrome
Web Store and pin it to your browser.
Look at this. You can organize all the tabs
in specific folders and subfolders for your
needs. Now you can plan your big events like
wedding easily with Boomconsole.